Research
Play this card on your turn. Reveal the top 3 cards of the special card deck so that all players can see. Choose 1 card and place it in your hand; then put the other 2 cards at the bottom of the special card deck.

Combat Copter
Play this card during a round of combat you're involved in. Choose 2 of your opponent's dice to ignore. You may choose to ignore special dice.

Paradrop
Play this card on your turn. Choose a territory 2 spaces away from a territory you control. For the rest of this turn, you may attack or move into that territory as if that territory was adjacent to yours. However, if you attack, you may only ply out one round of combat (and, even if you win, only the survivors of that round of combat may move into that space).

Intercept
Play this card in response to another faction playing a special card. Cancel that card's effect. If you play this card in response to a nuclear missile card being played, your opponent still discards the 3 cards necessary to play it, and your opponent's turn inmediately ends.

Anti-Air
Play this card when an opponent declares an attack against a territory you control. Remove up to 2 of the attacking units from the board. Your opponent may then decide to continue the attack or cancel his attack (completing his action).

Carrier Support
Play this cad when attacking from a sea zone to a territory. Your oppoent rolls no special dice for the remainder of the battle.

Heavy armor
Play this card when you're defending against an attacker during a round of combat. Cancel any kills your opponent just scored against you.

Energy sector
Play this card at any point during the movilization phase. Contribute 2 additional turn cards to the global turn deck this round.

Drone
Play this card when declaring an attack. You may remove up to 5 of your attacking units in order to remove  the same number of your opponent's defending units.

Convoy
Play this card on your turn. You may take up to 3 free bonus actions, as long as each of those actions is a redeploy.

Infrastructure
Play this card during the movilization phase when it's your turn to place units. Keep this card on the table in front of you until the round ends. Place 1 additional unit this round. Also, for the rest of the round, whenever you pass, you may place 1 unit into any territory you control.

Bombard
Play this card when attacking from a sea zone to a territory. For the first round of combat your opponent does not get to roll any combat dice, special dice, or play any special cards (with the exception of the Intercept special card).

Oil Boom
Play this card on your turn. Place 1 unit on every territory you control that contains an oil field.

Charismatic leader
Pla this card on your turn. Count the number of capital cities you control. Place that many units on any territory you presently control.

Conversion
Play this card on your turn. Choose an unoccupied territory with a regional production value of 2 or less adjacent to a territory you presently control. Place 1 new unit in that territory. Then cchoose another unoccupied territory with a regional production value of 1 or less adjacent to a territory you control. Place 1 new unit in that territory.

Draft
Play this card during the movilization phase when its your turn to place units. Place 2 additional units this round.

Diplomacy
Play this card at any time during the movilization phase. Draw a special card for each player in the game plus 1 additional card. Reveal the cards and distribute them however you wish so that you keep 2 cards and each other player gets 1 card.

Police state
Play this card during the movilization phase when its your turn to place units. In order to play this card, you must remove 3 of your turn cards from the turn deck. Then reshuffle the deck. Place 5 additional units this round.

Conspiracy
Play this card at any point during the movilization phase. Choose a faction and remove up to 3 of its turn cards from the turn deck; then shefflu. Then place those cards on either the top or bottom of the turn deck.

Air supremacy
Play this card on your turn. You may perform a bonus action this turn.

ICBM
Play this card on your turn as an alternative to taking an action. Choose a territory containing a capital city. Roll a special die 6 times. Remove 1 unit from that territory for every kill rolled. This card may not be played during the game's first round.

Arms race
Play this card at the start of the movilization phase. Place 1 extra unit this round. Then choose a faction. You may make that faction place units either first or last during this round's movilization phase.

Maritime power
Play this card during the movilization phase when it's your turn to place units. Distribute 2 units however you wish into any unoccupied sea zones adjacent to any territories you presently control. Both units may be placed into the same space or you may place 1 unit onto 2 different spaces.

Cease fire
Play this card at any point during the movilization phase. Choose a territory. That territory cannot be attacked or moved into by any faction until the start of the next round. If the units occupying that territory attack any adjacent space, cancel this card's effect.

Surface
Play this cad on your turn. Place 1 unit into any unoccupied sea zone.

Revolution
Play this card at any time during the movilization phase or on your turn during the turn phase (except during a battle). Take any special card from the discard pile, show it to the other players, and place it into your hand.

Special forces
Play this card at any point during a round of combat you're involved in (even after dice have just been rolled). From this round of combat forward, roll a bonus special die. For the rest of the battle, you may treat any block you roll as a kill instead, or any kill you roll as a block instead.

Nuclear Missile
Play this card on your turn as an alternative to taking an action. In order to play this card, you must discard 3 other cards from your hand. Choose a space adjacent to a territory you control. Remove all units from that space. For the remainder of this round, no units may occupy that space.

Elite Unit
Play this card during a round of combat when you're defending againts an attack with only a single unit. Add an extra kill against your opponent and cancel any kills your opponent just scored against you.

Spark unrest
Play this card on an opponent's turn, before they have executed an action. End that turn.

Rocket fire
On your turn, if you control a territory adjacent to another territory controlled by only a single unit, you may play this card. Remove that unit from the board and replace it with one of your own by placing a new unit into that territory.

Sub Strike
Play this card on an opponent's turn when they move units into a sea zone or when they attack a sea zone you ccontrol. Remove up to 2 of those units. If your opponent was attacking, he may decide to continue the attack or inmediately end his turn.

Sniper
Play this card during a round of combat you're involved in. Add an extra kill against your opponent.

Resupply
Play this card on your turn. Place 2 new units into a sea zone you presently control.
